README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="http://laraadmin.com/img/laraadmin-256.png">
  <h1 align="center" style="margin-top:5px;">LaraAdmin 1.0</h1>
</p>

[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/dwij/laraadmin/d/total.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/dwij/laraadmin)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/laraadmin/laraadmin-dev.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/laraadmin/laraadmin-dev)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/dwij/laraadmin/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/dwij/laraadmin)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/dwij/laraadmin/v/unstable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/dwij/laraadmin)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/dwij/laraadmin/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/dwij/laraadmin)
[![Code Triagers Badge](https://www.codetriage.com/dwijitsolutions/laraadmin/badges/users.svg)](https://www.codetriage.com/dwijitsolutions/laraadmin)

LaraAdmin is a Open source CRM for quick-start Admin based applications with features like Advanced CRUD Generation, Schema Manager and Workflows.
##### Website: [laraadmin.com](http://laraadmin.com)
##### Creator: [@gdbhosale](https://github.com/gdbhosale), [Dwij IT Solutions](https://github.com/dwijitsolutions)

--------

### Features:
##### Module Manager:
You can create and edit Modules without touching code. It generate CRUD methods and views on the go from your schema, which can be customized. [Schema based migrations done]

##### Workflows:
Workflows governs the automation of business processes like Tasks, Events and many others according to set of procedural rules. (Cron Events) [Under Development]

##### User Management:
Easy user Management with features like Employees, Roles, Groups, Departments and Access Control. [Under Development]

--------

### Snapshots:

CRUD Model Listing & Add:

![LaraAdmin CRUD Model Add](http://laraadmin.com/img/laraadmin/laraadmin-row-listing-add.jpg)

CRUD Model View:

![LaraAdmin CRUD Model View](http://laraadmin.com/img/laraadmin/laraadmin-row-view.jpg)

Online Code Editor:
![Online Code Editor](http://laraadmin.com/img/laraadmin/laraadmin-online-code-editor.jpg)

### Installation & Documentation

Documentation for the LaraAdmin can be found on the [LaraAdmin website](http://laraadmin.com/documentation).

### Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to the LaraAdmin. Please read [features doc](http://laraadmin.com/devdoc-features)

### Bugs, improvements & Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a bug or security vulnerability within LaraAdmin, please send an e-mail to Ganesh Bhosale at ganesh@dwij.in. All requests will beaddressed promptly.

### Issues

If you come across any issue/bug please [report them here](https://github.com/dwijitsolutions/laraadmin/issues).

### License

LaraAdmin is open-sourced software built by Dwij IT Solutions and contributors and licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

### Credits:
- Ganesh Bhosale https://github.com/gdbhosale
- Ganesh Khade https://github.com/moraya-re
- https://github.com/almasaeed2010/AdminLTE
- https://github.com/acacha/adminlte-laravel
- https://github.com/yajra/laravel-datatables
- https://github.com/creativeorange/gravatar

<p align="center">
  <br>
  Brought to you by<br>
  <a href="http://dwijitsolutions.com">
  <img src="http://dwijitsolutions.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/dwij-it-solutions.png">
  </a>
</p>

Commit message:

Release 1.1.0 (#320)
* LaraAdmin 1.0 Files

* Code Formatting with PhpCsFixer

* Updated Readme for Template Warning

* Unit Testing started

* Minor updates in readme

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://laraadmin.com/img/laraadmin-256.png">
  <h1 align="center" style="margin-top:5px;">LaraAdmin 1.1</h1>
</p>

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dwijitsolutions/laraadmin.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dwijitsolutions/laraadmin)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/dwij/laraadmin/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/dwij/laraadmin)
[![Code Triagers Badge](https://www.codetriage.com/dwijitsolutions/laraadmin/badges/users.svg)](https://www.codetriage.com/dwijitsolutions/laraadmin)

LaraAdmin is a Open source CRM for quick-start Admin based applications with features like Advanced CRUD Generation, Schema Manager and Workflows.

> **Warning**
> LaraAdmin 1.1 is not a package anymore.
> Now it's a template.

*Website: [LaraAdmin.com](https://laraadmin.com)*

*Creator: [@gdbhosale](https://github.com/gdbhosale), [Dwij IT Solutions](https://github.com/dwijitsolutions)*

--------

### Features:
##### Module Manager:
You can create and edit Modules without touching code. It generate CRUD methods and views on the go from your schema, which can be customized. [Schema based migrations done]

##### Workflows:
Workflows governs the automation of business processes like Tasks, Events and many others according to set of procedural rules. (Cron Events) [Under Development]

##### User Management:
Easy user Management with features like Employees, Roles, Groups, Departments and Access Control. [Under Development]

--------

### Snapshots:

CRUD Model Listing & Add:

![LaraAdmin CRUD Model Add](https://laraadmin.com/img/laraadmin/laraadmin-row-listing-add.jpg)

CRUD Model View:

![LaraAdmin CRUD Model View](https://laraadmin.com/img/laraadmin/laraadmin-row-view.jpg)

Online Code Editor:
![Online Code Editor](https://laraadmin.com/img/laraadmin/laraadmin-online-code-editor.jpg)

### Installation & Documentation

Documentation for the LaraAdmin can be found on the [LaraAdmin website](https://laraadmin.com/docs/1.1).
> **Warning**
> Documentation is not ready yet for version 1.1

### Contributing

Thank you for considering contributing to the LaraAdmin. Please read [features doc](https://laraadmin.com/devdoc-features)

### Bugs, improvements & Security Vulnerabilities

If you discover a bug or security vulnerability within LaraAdmin, please send an e-mail to Ganesh Bhosale at ganesh@dwij.in. All requests will beaddressed promptly.

### Issues

If you come across any issue/bug please [report them here](https://github.com/dwijitsolutions/laraadmin/issues).

### License

LaraAdmin is open-sourced software built by Dwij IT Solutions and contributors and licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

### Credits:
- Ganesh Bhosale https://github.com/gdbhosale
- Ganesh Khade https://github.com/moraya-re
- https://github.com/almasaeed2010/AdminLTE
- https://github.com/acacha/adminlte-laravel
- https://github.com/yajra/laravel-datatables
- https://github.com/creativeorange/gravatar

<p align="center">
  <br>
  Brought to you by<br>
  <a href="https://dwijitsolutions.com">
  <img src="https://dwijitsolutions.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/dwij-it-solutions.png">
  </a>
</p>
